Hello everyone, Vova and the dacha are with you now
we will show you there will be a series
guides
what to do on our server
because it is different from advance and
hand and this coffee is already samp-rp
now jump to another dan and in general
first we advise you to get a job
there is no bus driver in mine because
that she is rich in mines because the driver
bus can be from the first level
and the machines before you have the fifth bonus then this
and this is why we will remove money and 990000
and in the bank there is still a bunch of a billion not
there are a million planets 10 minutes but then it
we will clean when already when there will be 30
constantly take this so Have time here
Well, everything in general, choose a bike not
You know you can ask a friend to call for
by you we specifically gave 100 thousand
hands and 10 million bank mail 100,000 but
these are home start-up expenses for example
rent is great for rent for 1000 words
yes, so we all go as you saw you
saw a little different already
after the sea he is climbing the driver
bus we don't come here computers
disabled
drawn in izmir we sit on a bike
thing to 5 thousand arrived pizza deliveryman
let's go back to spam
after the bank under
on my video you will hear music and those
sounds included yes what lips go graze
register here goes bonus gang this thing
dangerous thing in the world and eat
force
so well here it is worth a bunch
buses all take one of them and not
We have to write why we are doing this lesson
set the bonus and we do this damage
those who still who will not get on bonuses
will print and exactly that is now in
principle, we can write her team rolls
well, we remove any route altogether
let's choose a cost this type
money with which team is there a router
shuttle bus here and that is what we can so
quickly save money i don't know month
write overnight forgot commands
well, and that's shorter, just just I measure
we
how much do you basically
enjoy it up advise you to choose
intracity
then just get off the bus when
you believe that enough work F
by the way by the way I want to say that here
money goes faster than some
other pulse servers can be here for a couple
machine for a couple of seconds already dial 200
or 300 varnish
well that's all we came two hundred three hundred
Denver count here is less than minus seconds
30 before and but if you run from the bus
compaq not articles to the store store something
you will be only 15 seconds then maybe
equally under show all the general now we
In short, so a series of right here zapilim all
thanks for watching my who
good luck everyone bye